feat(UserFeedback): Add user feedback cards (#409)
patternfly/chatbot: packages/module/patternfly-docs/content/extensions/chatbot/examples/Messages/Messages.md

```

### Message feedback response

> When a user selects a positive or negative [message action](#message-actions), you can choose to display a feedback card under the message. These cards can be displayed to gather additional feedback and acknowledge a response. The card will be focused on load by default, but this can be customized by setting the `focusOnLoad` prop to false. This prop is set to false in many of these examples so that focus is unaffected, but you will want to leave this on in a standard context.
> 
> Cards can be closed manually via the close button or be configured to time out (see [below](/patternfly-ai/chatbot/messages#message-feedback-response-with-timeouts)). These examples demonstrate the full feedback flow we recommend (namely, submitting additional feedback and seeing the thank you card), just the feedback card, the feedback card without a text input, the feedback card without a close button, just the thank-you card, and the thank-you card without a close button. Additional props are available for further customization.
> 
> The full feedback flow example also demonstrates how to handle focus appropriately for accessibility. The card will be focused when it appears in the DOM. When the card closes, place the focus back on the launching button. You can also add `aria-expanded` and `aria-controls` attributes to the feedback buttons to provide additional context on what the button controls.
> 
> It is also important to announce when new content appears onscreen for accessibility purposes. If you set `isLiveRegion` to true on `<Message>`, it will make appropriate announcements for you when the feedback card appears.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a user selects a positive or negative [message action](#message-actions), you can display a message feedback card that acknowledges their response and provides space for additional written feedback. These cards can be manually dismissed via the close button or be [configured to time out automatically](/patternfly-ai/chatbot/messages#message-feedback-response-with-timeouts). 

The message feedback card will immediately receive focus by default, but you remove this behavior by passing `focusOnLoad: false` to the `<Message>` (as shown in the following examples). For better usability, you should generally keep the default focus behavior.

The following examples demonstrate:
- A full feedback flow, which accepts written feedback submission and displays the thank you card. 
- A basic card.
- A basic card without text input.
- A card without a close button.
- Thank-you cards, with and without a close button.

The full feedback flow example also demonstrates how to handle focus appropriately for accessibility. The card will be focused when it appears in the DOM. When the card closes, place the focus back on the launching button. You can also add `aria-expanded` and `aria-controls` attributes to the feedback buttons to provide additional context on what the button controls.

It is also important to announce when new content appears onscreen for accessibility purposes. If you set `isLiveRegion` to true on `<Message>`, it will make appropriate announcements for you when the feedback card appears.
```
I'm wondering if the full feedback flow (and the related content at the end of the example) would be better under the demos tab, since it's more interactive (like this https://www.patternfly.org/components/button/react-demos)? This would also help us cut down on the amount of text within this one set of examples.

Reviewer: Thinking out loud more--what's the benefit to having the examples broken apart into these different variations, like having "with" and "without close button" versions of the same feature? I'm just thinking that it could help cut the page length down if we were able to utilize checkboxes to alter smaller parts of examples (like this https://www.patternfly.org/components/code-editor#basic). For example here, having checkboxes for "hide text area" and "hide close button", so that we could have every option within one visual example.

But this is just from a content pov & me worrying about the examples getting too long/difficult to parse through (a complaint we've had in the past for other components). If it's more complicated to implement things like this, I wouldn't want to hold back feature releases due to prettier docs. If there's a functional reason to structure it like we have been for devs, then by all means I defer to that also!

Author: I don't see why not. I can work on this on Monday when I'm back. I did merge the text updates and update the links.

Author: Let me know if you like this better! I pushed this update.

```js file="./MessageWithFeedback.tsx"

```

> ### Message feedback response with timeouts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Message feedback with timeouts
```

> Both feedback cards can also be configured to time out. While the card is based on the [PatternFly Card component](/components/card/), the timeout behavior and API are based on the [PatternFly Alert component](/components/alert/). The messages can be configured with different timeout durations via the `timeout` prop (default is 8000 ms).
> 
> If a user is hovering over the card or focused on it, it will not dismiss right away. The default is 3000 ms. and it can be customized by setting the `timeoutAnimation` prop. You can also set an `onTimeout` callback and optional `onMouseEnter` and `onMouseLeave` callbacks.
> 
> It is important to announce when new content appears onscreen for accessibility purposes. If you set `isLiveRegion` to true on `<Message>`, it will make appropriate announcements for you when the feedback card appears.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The feedback card and thank you message can be configured to time out and automatically close after a period of time. The default time out period is 8000 ms, but it can be customized via `timeout`.

The card will not dismiss within the default time if a user is hovering over it or if it has keyboard focus. Instead, it will dismiss after they remove focus, via `timeoutAnimation`, which is 3000 ms by default. You can adjust this duration and set an `onTimeout` callback, as well as optional `onMouseEnter` and `onMouseLeave` callbacks.

For accessibility purposes, be sure to announce when new content appears onscreen. If you set `isLiveRegion` to `true` for a `<Message>`, it will make appropriate announcements for you when the feedback card appears.
```

```

### Message feedback

When a user selects a positive or negative [message action](#message-actions), you can display a message feedback card that acknowledges their response and provides space for additional written feedback. These cards can be manually dismissed via the close button and the thank-you card can be [configured to time out automatically](/patternfly-ai/chatbot/messages#message-feedback-with-timeouts).

> <br /><br />

Reviewer: Just an fyi that we have an issue to fix spacing in our docs (https://github.com/patternfly/patternfly-org/issues/4257), so that we don't have to add these breaks. Not sure when that will get fixed or if that will trickle down to chatbot docs without requiring additional work in this repo, but wanted to mention it because we will need to just make sure to remove these whenever it does get fixed. More of a mental note for myself that anything else 😊
